Fix docs to reference packages in current release (#219)
nginx/agent: README.md

NGINX Agent interfaces directly with an NGINX server process installed on the same system. If you don't have it already, follow these steps to install [NGINX Open Source](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-open-source/) or [NGINX Plus](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-plus/). Once installed, ensure the NGINX instance is running.

## Installing NGINX Agent from Package Files

> To install NGINX Agent on your system, go to [Releases](https://github.com/nginx/agent/releases) and download a package supported by your OS distribution and CPU architecture.

Reviewer: shouldn't it be the latest package?

```suggestion
To install NGINX Agent on your system, go to [Releases](https://github.com/nginx/agent/releases) and download the latest package supported by your OS distribution and CPU architecture.
```
